---
title: "Publisher Preview 1.9.9.1"
version: "1.9.9.1"
release_date: "2021-01-12"
release_type: "Preview"
product: "Patch My PC Publisher"
author: "Patch My PC"
keywords: ["preview release", "publisher", "1.9.9.1", "intune", "ESP", "enrollment status page", "MSP", "ScriptRunner", "uninstall", "Aha ideas"]
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Preview 1.9.9.1 - 2021-01-12

## Overview

This preview release includes major features, improvements, and fixes for the Patch My PC Publisher.

## Features

- [Modify Autopilot Enrollment Status Page profiles](https://patchmypc.com/custom-options-available-for-third-party-updates-and-applications#Manage-ESP). Update ESP profiles when an application is updated. This will ensure the latest application version is associated with your ESP. New [Checkbox in Intune Options](https://patchmypc.com/intune-application-creation-options#Update-ESP) to enable. Select profiles an application should be assigned to with a new right-click option. Requires updated [App Registration Permissions](https://patchmypc.com/intune-authentication-using-azure-app-registration): DeviceManagementServiceConfig.ReadWrite.All. Based on Aha Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-673](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-673)
- [Support for MSP Patching via Intune. Based on Aha Idea: PATCHMYPC-I-1147](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-1147)
- [ScriptRunner will use QuietUninstallString when found for application uninstallation. Based on Aha Idea: PATCHMYPC-I-930](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-930)

## Improvements

- PatchMyPC-ScriptRunner has improved logic for UninstallPackage. Now factors in SystemComponent and QuietUninstallString when searching the registry
- Intune Scan Wizard updated to match the ConfigMgr scan wizard. Can include zero-count applications in results and export. Filtering options updated
- The 'Exclude from auto-enroll…' option now exists for Intune Apps and Intune Updates
- Scan Wizards will now automatically allow vertical scrolling if needed
- Implement a retry when performing some 'POST' operations to Microsoft Graph to improve Intune Win32 app creation reliability

## Fixes

- Fixed a bug where the certificate option would be enabled while in 'Intune Only' mode
- Fixed a bug where the Intune Graph token used by features such as Intune App Category selection would expire if the Publisher UI was open for a long time
- Fixed a bug where unnecessary calls were made to renew the Graph API token when performing Graph Batch queries
- Fixed a bug where the ConfigMgr 'Recreate Detection' option would not set the MSI product code for the newly generated script
- Fixed a bug where the ConfigMgr 'Recreate Detection' option would not set the VersionInclude for the newly generated script

---

For more information about Patch My PC Publisher, visit [patchmypc.com](https://patchmypc.com).
