---
title: "Publisher Preview 2.0.0.1"
version: "2.0.0.1"
date: "2021-02-22"
type: "Preview"
product: "Patch My PC Publisher"
author: "Patch My PC"
keywords: ["preview release", "publisher", "2.0.0.1", "configuration manager", "SCCM", "application management", "Aha ideas"]
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Preview 2.0.0.1 - 2021-02-22

## Overview

This preview release includes major features and improvements for the Patch My PC Publisher.

## Features

- [The ability to configure a custom folder location to move updates in the console has been added. When these folders are selected, updates at the Product and Vendor nodes will be created under these custom folders. Based on Aha Idea: PATCHMYPC-I-283](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-283)
- [You can now create Configuration Manager applications in addition to Updates. You can specify products, vendors, and even the level "All Products" to enable both updates and applications and the service will automatically publish both an update and application when the vendor posts a release. When only an application is enabled, the product is added to the ProductsPublishingServiceCreatesOnlyApplication advanced rule. Based on Aha Idea: PATCHMYPC-I-59](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-59)
- [You can now create software update groups after a synchronization. The software update group name is custom configurable, including support for environment variables. Based on Aha Idea: PATCHMYPC-I-297](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-297)

## Improvements

- Intune app support has been renamed from preview to Intune release candidate

## Fixes

- Fixed an issue where if you have an excluded product configured in the ExcludeProductIdsFromSync advanced rule while a custom software update folder is not configured, the sync would fail

---

For more information about Patch My PC Publisher, visit [patchmypc.com](https://patchmypc.com).
