---
title: "2.1.36.80"
date: 2020-07-09
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

### Features

* Migration from ConfigMgr to Patch My PC Cloud.
  * Read only for Enterprise+ customers.
  * Read/Write for Enterprise Premium customers.
* Add a progress bar to the Publisher UI. It will display the current application or update being processed.

### Improvements

* Ensure the scrollbar on the Intune application scan wizard only shows when needed.
* Improve the logging of PowerShell-based detection and requirement script signing.
* On new installs the PatchMyPC.log file is stored in the Logs subfolder of the installation directory.
* Write the name of the account used to run PatchMyPCService to the publishers log file.
* Amended the rolled over log file extension from .lo\_ to .log.
* Log username of active user when using Manage Conflicting Processes to kill processes.
* Improved logging when ScriptRunner calls PowerShell scripts.

### Fixes

* Fixed a bug that caused [Manage Conflicting Processes](https://patchmypc.com/kb/manage-conflicting-processes-when-updating/) to fail to close running applications in some scenarios.
* Fixed the URL for the Patch My PC logo in webhook alerts.
* Fixed a bug that would allow a configuration of maximum application runtime that conflicted with the Manage Conflicting Process notification runtime.
* Fixed a bug that caused the filtering of Intune groups to hang the UI
* Fixed a bug where rolled over log files were not cleaned up according to retention settings.
