---
title: "2.1.36.35"
date: 2020-06-12
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

### Improvements <a href="#h-improvements" id="h-improvements"></a>

* Add an [IntuneReportsRequestTimeout registry option](https://patchmypc.com/kb/registry-publisher-config#h-change-the-timeout-for-intune-reports) to set the timeout for Intune reports. The default value is five minutes.
* Update tooltips in the Publisher UI for Manage Conflicting Process timeouts to reflect Intune changes.
* If the code signing certificate is not found, then WSUS updates will not process.
* If the code signing certificate is not found and ConfigMgr detection script code signing is enabled, then ConfigMgr apps will not process.
* Improve the handling of UINotificationSettings.xml for Manage Conflicting Processes. They are now generated per session.
  * XML per session prevents access denied errors that can occur when one user creates a file and another non-admin user later attempts to edit it.

### Fixes <a href="#h-fixes" id="h-fixes"></a>

* Fixed a bug where the Publisher may select the incorrect SMS\_Content instance in some cases when searching for a previous ConfigMgr application.
  * This fix addresses the alert “Unable to process \<Application Name>. PackageId… does not find an application with a matching content source path…”
  * Refer to this [KB article](https://patchmypc.com/kb/packageid-found-does-not-find-an-application-with-matching-content-source-path/) for more information.
* Fixed a bug that caused customers to see an error message if ScriptRunner tries to display a notification while Focus Assist is enabled.
* Fixed a bug that caused Postponed binaries to fail to process when custom applications are enabled and the PostponedBinaries folder does not exist.
