---
title: "Publisher Preview Version 2.1.11.10"
version: "2.1.11.10"
date: "2023-01-06"
type: "Preview"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, preview, copy requirements, intune requirements, recreate detection, configmgr scripts, intune scan wizard, republish, wsus certificate, postponed applications"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Preview Version 2.1.11.10

**Release Date:** 2023-01-06

## Overview

This preview release adds the ability to copy requirements for Intune products, implements a 'Recreate Detection' right-click option for Intune, and fixes several bugs related to republishing and WSUS certificate validation.

---

## Features

New capabilities and functionality added in this release.

- **Copy Requirements** - Intune option added to 'Copy requirements' for Intune products. This can be configured globally, per vendor, or per product.
  - *[Requested by users](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-1501)*
- **Recreate Detection** - Recreate Detection right-click option for Intune
  - *[Requested by users](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-2605)*

---

## Improvements

Enhancements to existing functionality.

- **Script Redownload** - If a PMPC-defined pre or post-script is missing from the content source for ConfigMgr applications then the Publisher will redownload it during a sync, or republish.

---

## Fixes

Bug fixes and issue resolutions.

- **Non-Windows Devices** - Fixed a bug where non-Windows devices may show up in the [Intune scan wizard](https://patchmypc.com/scan-intune-for-supported-products) drill-in.
- **Republish with Retention** - Fixed a bug where republishing an Intune product would cause the application to be deleted from Intune if retention was also enabled and set to zero.
- **WSUS Certificate Check** - Fixed a bug where the Publisher would not check the WSUS certificate validity unless at least one WSUS update was selected.
- **Postponed App Requirements** - Fixed a bug where the requirements for Workstation or Server OS would not be set for postponed ConfigMgr applications.

---

*Last Updated: 2023-01-06*
