---
title: "Publisher Preview Version 2.1.26.5"
version: "2.1.26.5"
release_date: "2024-08-07"
release_type: "Preview"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, preview, microsoft teams workflows, webhook provider, adaptive cards, office 365 connectors, return codes, configmgr applications, intune applications"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Preview Version 2.1.26.5

**Release Date:** 2024-08-07

## Overview

This preview release adds support for Microsoft Teams Workflows as a webhook provider with new Adaptive Card templates, replacing the retiring Office 365 connectors. Return codes are now automatically updated during sync.

---

## Features

New capabilities and functionality added in this release.

- **Teams Workflows Support** - Added support for Microsoft Teams Workflows as a new webhook provider option. With the announced [retirement of Office 365 connectors within Microsoft Teams](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/retirement-of-office-365-connectors-within-microsoft-teams/), we now support the new Workflow options. Our Teams notifications have been updated with new [Adaptive Card](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/adaptive-cards/) templates.

---

## Improvements

Enhancements to existing functionality.

- **Automatic Return Code Updates** - Configured [return codes](https://patchmypc.com/custom-options-available-for-third-party-updates-and-applications#manage-return-codes) are updated on sync for ConfigMgr applications, Intune applications, and Intune updates. If there is a mismatch between the settings in the Publisher and the published application, then the return codes from the settings will be applied. It is no longer necessary to republish a product to update the return codes.

---

## Fixes

Bug fixes and issue resolutions.

- **Custom App Republish** - Fix a bug that caused republishing a custom ConfigMgr application with additional files to fail in some scenarios.
- **Return Code Duplication** - Fixed a bug where the return codes in settings could be duplicated if the treeview was refreshed, or you switch tenants in a multi-tenant setup.

---

*Last Updated: 2024-08-07*
