---
title: "2.1.36.90"
date: 2020-07-16
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

### Features

* Add support for ECDSA code signing certificates.

### Improvements

* Add a filter button to only show products that are selected in the Publishers UI.
* Trigger search in Entra ID Group Search window when pressing Enter key.
* Present a warning when importing a code signing certificate if ConfigMgr is set to automatically manage your code signing certificate.
* Improve performance when Publisher is processing ConfigMgr apps for migration.
* Add additional fields, related to user install statistics, to the Intune Application Manager.
* Modernised the icons in the Publishers UI.

### Fixes

* Fixed issue where ScriptRunner was not correctly appending MSI and MSP installers with /qn (Introduced in Preview release 2.1.36.80)

> \#### Remediation Options:
>
> To resolve this issue, please choose one of the following options:
>
> 1\. \*\*Update to the latest Preview Release (Version 2.1.36.90)\*\*
>
> 1\. In the Publisher, navigate to the About tab.
>
> 2\. You may already have the "Install preview builds" option checked \*\*(1)\*\*
>
> 3\. If the "Currently Installed Version" is 2.1.36.80 \*\*(2)\*\* and the "Latest Available Preview Version" is 2.1.36.90 \*\*(2)\*\*, click "Upgrade Now" \*\*(3)\*\*\\
>
> \\
>
> \&#xNAN;\_\*\*Note:\*\* If the "Install preview builds" option is not checked \*\*(1)\*\*, please check it and click "Apply" and version 2.1.36.90 will be offered. You can now select "Upgrade Now"\_.\\
>
> 2\. \*\*Roll back to the latest Production Release (Version 2.1.36.0)\*\*\\
>
> If you do not wish to remain on the Preview Release channel, uncheck the "Install preview builds" checkbox on the About tab in the Publisher and click "Apply".
>
> 1\. Download the latest Publisher production release from [https://patchmypc.com/msi](https://patchmypc.com/msi)
>
> 2\. Follow [this guide](https://patchmypc.com/kb/backup-restore-publisher-settings/#h-backup-the-publisher-settings) to create a backup the Publisher settings (not required to roll back but recommended)
>
> 3\. Uninstall Patch My PC Publisher from Add/Remove Programs (your settings will be preserved)
>
> 4\. Install the Publisher production build MSI you downloaded in step 1
>
> \*\*Important:\*\* Regardless of the option you choose, you will need to \*\*re-publish any applications that were published using version 2.1.36.80\*\* to ensure the correct installation parameters are applied.
>
> If you need assistance or have any questions, please visit our Technical Support page at [https://patchmypc.com/technical-support/](https://patchmypc.com/technical-support/) to open a support case.
