---
title: "Publisher Preview Version 2.1.18.48"
version: "2.1.18.48"
release_date: "2023-12-08"
release_type: "Preview"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, preview, custom apps, custom applications, configmgr apps, intune apps, intune updates, login authority, enforced uninstall arguments, cloud connection name"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Preview Version 2.1.18.48

**Release Date:** 2023-12-08

## Overview

This preview release introduces the ability to create Custom App updates and base installs, a major feature for Enterprise Plus, Enterprise Premium, and MSP customers. The default Intune login authority is updated to login.microsoftonline.com.

---

## Features

New capabilities and functionality added in this release.

- **Custom Applications** - Ability to create Custom App updates and base installs
  - *[Requested by users](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-1303)*
  - [Setup docs](https://docs.patchmypc.com/installation-guides/preview-custom-apps)
  - The feature is in public preview.
  - Custom Applications are supported in the ConfigMgr apps, Intune apps, and Intune updates tabs.
  - The Publisher must have '[Install preview builds](https://patchmypc.com/preview-channel)' checked in the About tab.
  - A license with one of the below subscription levels is required:
    - Enterprise Plus
    - Enterprise Premium
    - MSP

---

## Improvements

Enhancements to existing functionality.

- **Intune Login Authority** - Update the default login authority for Intune. It is now [https://login.microsoftonline.com](https://login.microsoftonline.com/)
  - This will not affect existing Intune configurations. It is only a change to the defaults for a new connection.

---

## Fixes

Bug fixes and issue resolutions.

- **Intune Deletion Logging** - Fix logging during the creation of Intune products when local content lookup fails. The Publisher would incorrectly log that the existing application would be deleted.
- **Uninstall Arguments** - Fixed a bug causing Enforced Uninstall Arguments to be ignored for ConfigMgr apps. This resulted in some ConfigMgr apps being created with an uninstall that may not work as expected. The next sync after the Publisher is updated will fix these products' uninstall configuration.
- **Cloud Connection Name** - The connection name is now required in the Cloud tab.

---

*Last Updated: 2023-12-08*
