---
title: "1.9.3"
date: 2020-10-19
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

#### Features

* Application update in-place vs. create new application configurable at the individual product level.
  * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-209](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-209)
* Support for user-based installations for Configuration Manager applications, as well as Intune Applications and Intune Updates.
  * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-801](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-801)
  * Note: We still need to add user-based software to the catalog, but the publisher now has support for this so that we can begin adding some user-based software.
* Option to not append the republished date tag to republished updates.
  * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-876](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-876)
  * This is now a configurable checkbox in the advanced tab.
* Intune Scan Wizard now has the option to[ automatically enable Intune Updates based on scan data](https://patchmypc.com/scan-intune-for-supported-products#CurrentFeatures).
* Update the PatchMyPC-ScriptRunner.exe to use the CCM client log directory defined in the registry by default
  *   Check

      &#x20; “HKEY\_LOCAL\_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\CCM\Logging\\@Global”

      &#x20; \> LogDirectory, and fallback to “%windir%\ccm\logs”
  * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-911](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-911)

#### Improvements

* Log out the in-progress count of updates and applications as they are processed.
  * Previously the in-progress count was only logged if the log level was set to debug. It is now logged with informational level logging.
* Improve the PatchMyPC-ScriptRunner.exe to have better logic when searching the registry for uninstall strings
* The PatchMyPC-ScriptRunner.exe will retry MSI based operations if a 1618 exit code is returned by the installer. The result is a reduction in failed installs due to Windows Installer being unavailable.
  * Maximum three retries, with 1 minute in between.
* Updated the PowerShell script for Intune applications and updates to improve compatibility with constrained language mode.
* Optimized icon resizing for ConfigMgr applications.
* MSI based ConfigMgr applications will now have 'No uninstall content' set for the uninstaller, as we directly call msiexec, no content is needed.

#### Fixes

* Configuration Manager application detection script fixed to supported PowerShell 2.0.
* Fixed an issue where republishing a WSUS update would also cause the equivalent Intune Update to republish as well.