---
title: "Publisher Version 1.9.4"
version: "1.9.4"
date: "2020-11-05"
type: "Production"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, cve import, cve matching, vulnerability management, scan configmgr database, filtering, certificate selection, intune code signing, wsus store, teams alerts, email alerts, tls port"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
    release-notes-type:
      - product-release
    release-notes-update-type:
      - new-feature
      - bug-fix
---

#### Features

* The first  release of our CVE import/matching features based on UserVoice [**Feature Request for CVE Import automation**](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-916)
  * You can launch the CVE import feature in the Updates tab by clicking the new document lock icon
  * If you have any feedback on the first release, leave a comment at [https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-916](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-916)
* Updates published via the CVE Import Wizard will have a Teams and Email alert if enabled.
* Scan Configuration Manager Database wizard updated.
  * Supports Filtering
  * Can optionally show, and export, applications whose count is zero.
    * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I-828](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-828)
  * General UI improvements such as tooltips, alt-shortcuts, empty field validation.

#### Improvements

* Certificate selection for Intune code signing will now additionally search the WSUS store if it is found.
* The Product Name has been added to the PatchMyPC-DownloadHistory.csv generated in the installation directory of the publisher.
* Improved the method used to gather PackageID from newly published Applications.

#### Fixes

* Fixed a bug where an application may fail to publish on versions of Configuration Manager older than 1706.
* Fixed a bug where the publisher would fail to find applications published to a folder containing square brackets
  * For Example: \\\server\sources\\\[PMPC]Applications
* Fixed a bug where the TLS port for SMTP alerts may show as 587 in the UI, even when a custom port is set. The port in the UI will now accurately reflect the saved settings.
* Fixed an issue where Intune assignments may not set the correct delayed deadline
* Fixed an issue where older versions of the ConfigMgr console may receive error: Method not found: ‘Void Microsoft.ConfigurationManagement.ApplicationManagement.MsiInstaller.set\_UninstallSetting(Microsoft.ConfigurationManagement.ApplicationManagement.UninstallContentSetting)’.
