---
title: "Publisher Version 1.9.7"
version: "1.9.7"
date: "2020-11-24"
type: "Production"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, intune categories, win32 applications, virustotal, digest, detection script, version handling, intune assignments, restart notification, catalog parsing, modify published updates"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
    release-notes-type:
      - product-release
    release-notes-update-type:
      - new-feature
---

#### Features

* Manage Intune categories for created and updated Intune applications and updates.
  * Note: Currently, existing applications/updates in Intune will not have their categories removed but new categories will be added for existing Win32 applications.
  * Idea: [PATCHMYPC-I965](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-965)
* Clicking a ‘digest’ in the Modify Published Updates Wizard, or the Package Details wizard will now open the respective VirusTotal page.

#### Improvements

* Sorting by ‘Selected’ in Modify Published Updates Wizard now sorts by the checked state.
* The Configuration Manager detection script now handles invalid version parts better. Some vendors use DateTime stamps in their version. This can end up being a value larger than a 32-bit integer causing the version cast to fail.

#### Fixes

* Fixed an issue where copied Intune Assignments for newly published Intune software would not have their custom available time, and deadline time adjusted relative to the new publish date.
* Fixed an issue where Intune Assignments would be created without a deadline or available time if the ‘copy assignment’ option was not configured.
* Fixed an issue where the maximum value for restart notification would not allow a value greater than 201.
* Fixed a bug where the console version check for UninstallContent setting was incorrect.
* Improved catalog parsing when there are a large number of CPU cores on the machine running the publisher.