---
title: "Publisher Version 2.1.27"
version: "2.1.27"
date: "2024-09-10"
type: "Production"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, microsoft teams, workflows, adaptive cards, webhook, return codes, configmgr, intune, binary downloads, custom applications"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Version 2.1.27 - Production

**Release Date:** 2024-09-10

## Overview

This release introduces support for Microsoft Teams Workflows with new Adaptive Card templates, replacing the retiring Office 365 connectors. Return codes are now automatically updated on sync without requiring republishing.

---

## Features

New capabilities and functionality added in this release.

- **Microsoft Teams Workflows** - Added support for Microsoft Teams Workflows as a new webhook provider option. With the announced [retirement of Office 365 connectors within Microsoft Teams](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/retirement-of-office-365-connectors-within-microsoft-teams/), we now support the new Workflow options. Our Teams notifications have been updated with new [Adaptive Card](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/adaptive-cards/) templates.

---

## Improvements

Enhancements to existing functionality.

- **Return Code Sync** - Configured [return codes](https://patchmypc.com/custom-options-available-for-third-party-updates-and-applications#manage-return-codes) are updated on sync for ConfigMgr applications, Intune applications, and Intune updates. If there is a mismatch between the settings in the Publisher and the published application, then the return codes from the settings will be applied. It is no longer necessary to republish a product to update the return codes.
- **Binary Download Headers** - Add support for passing additional headers when downloading binaries. This is metadata maintained by Patch My PC.

---

## Fixes

Bug fixes and issue resolutions.

- **Custom Application Republish** - Fix a bug that caused republishing a custom ConfigMgr application with additional files to fail in some scenarios.
- **Return Code Duplication** - Fixed a bug where the return codes in settings could be duplicated if the treeview was refreshed, or you switch tenants in a multi-tenant setup.
- **Registry Detection** - Update Intune detection to account for registry detection checking for a nonexistent property. We now allow a NotEquals check for a property that might not exist. Previously, this would cause an unhandled exception.

---

*Last Updated: 2024-09-10*
