---
title: "Publisher Version 2.1.2"
version: "2.1.2"
date: "2021-12-23"
type: "Production"
product: "Publisher"
author: "PatchMyPC Team"
keywords: "publisher, collect logs, version naming, wcm restart, catalog download, ftp support, patch my pc logo, republish, conflicting processes, organization name"
taxonomy:
    products:
        - patch-my-pc-publisher
---

# Publisher Version 2.1.2 - Production

**Release Date:** 2021-12-23

## Overview

This release introduces a Collect Logs button for easier troubleshooting, improves ConfigMgr category integration, and adds FTP link support for downloads. Multiple republish and assignment-related bugs are resolved.

---

## Features

New capabilities and functionality added in this release.

- **Collect Logs Button** - Collect Logs button added to the Publisher. Will create a .zip file of files useful for troubleshooting.
  - *[Requested by users](https://ideas.patchmypc.com/ideas/PATCHMYPC-I-1750)*

---

## Improvements

Enhancements to existing functionality.

- **Version on Retained Apps** - If the ConfigMgr applications are configured to remove the version from the name, and there is application retention configured we will now append the version to OLD versions of the app. This is to ensure that there is only one application with the same name.
- **WCM Restart** - Improved the initial configuration process for adding Patch My PC Software Updates to an environment. This involves attempting to restart the WCM component after an initial Patch My PC update is published. This expedites getting the Patch My PC category into ConfigMgr so it can be selected.
- **Catalog Download Alerts** - The Publisher will send an alert if the catalog failed to download.
- **FTP Support** - The Publisher can now process FTP links for downloads.
- **Updated Logo** - Updated to the latest Patch My PC logo.

---

## Fixes

Bug fixes and issue resolutions.

- **Multiple Republish Actions** - Fixed a bug where the Republish feature may cause multiple republish actions to occur if the customer performs the operation on multiple tabs.
- **Tab Disable Settings Loss** - Fixed a bug where 'disabling' a tab with the checkbox at the top would cause the settings to be lost if the Publisher was closed.
- **Webhook Duplication** - Fixed a bug where the alert webhooks may be duplicated during a setting import.
- **Unsupported Right-Click Options** - Fixed a bug where some unsupported right-click options might be enabled by the auto-enable product's rules.
- **Timeout Setting** - Fixed a bug where conflicting process notification timeout setting was not being read properly from settings.xml causing the setting to not apply.
- **SyncNow Switch** - Fixed a bug where the /SyncNow switch for the Publisher would not work if an instance of the Publisher was already running.
- **Duplicate Assignments** - Fixed a bug where multiple assignments for the same group may attempt to be created in Intune.
- **Organization Name** - Fixed a bug where the Organization Name specified for the Manage Conflicting Process window would not be populated for ConfigMgr applications.
- **Icon on Republish** - Fixed a bug where the icon would not be set for a republished Intune application.
- **Additional File Hash** - Fixed a bug where the republish ConfigMgr application feature would not validate the hash of existing additional files which caused edited files to not be copied during a republish.
- **OS Requirements** - Fixed a bug where republish ConfigMgr application would not set the expected OS requirements.
- **Override Assignment** - Fixed a bug where 'Override manual assignment changes' is checked for an Intune product, and there is an 'exclude' assignment which would cause the Publisher to fail to process all assignments.

---

*Last Updated: 2021-12-23*
